Dear Dr. Busman,

&nbsp;Thank you for your interest in Learning and Instruction. I have now read your abstract and based on what I have read, I think that, although the topic of your study is interesting and relevant, the paper does not sufficiently fit the focus of Learning and Instruction. This journal is an international journal publishing empirical articles that investigate the effects of instructional manipulations on learning and bring a theoretical message. Typically, articles in this journal embed the empirical study thoroughly in the international literature on learning and instruction. Your paper is not focused on learning and instruction and the study is not embedded in the literature on learning and instruction. I think other journals in the field may be a better outlet for your paper.
&nbsp;
Kind regards,
&nbsp;
Jan Vermunt Editor-in-Chief
Learning and Instruction


On 16/01/2015 13:45, Bushman, Brad wrote:


Dear Dr. Vermunt,

My colleagues and I are wondering if you think the attached manuscript would be of interest to readers of your journal. Here is the Abstract:

Humans are hard-wired to pay attention to violent and sexual cues. Because humans have limited attentional capacity, attention allocated to violent and sexual cues decreases attention that can be devoted to encoding important information in school. This research examines the effects of exposure to violent and sexual media on general school performance (Study 1) and Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) scores (Study 2) in Turkish youth. Study 1 examined the relationship between exposure to violent and sexual media on school performance in a large sample (N=1545) of youth. Study 2 compared TOEFL scores in boys living in dormitories in which consumption of media was strictly regulated, and boys living at home. In Study 1, there was a significant negative relationship between exposure to violent/sexual media and school success. The effects remained significant even after controlling for the total amount of media exposure. In Study 2, boys living in the dormitory outscored those living at home on the TOEFL post-test immediately after the and on a delayed post-test 1-week later. Because there were no differences between boys living at home and those living in a dorm on the pre-test, the post-test and delayed post-test differences cannot be attributed to initial differences in English language proficiency between the two groups of boys. These studies suggest that exposure to violent and sexual media impairs adolescent school performance and foreign language memory.

We can delete Study 1 if you think the paper is stronger without it. Thank you for your time!

Best,
Brad









Brad J. Bushman, Ph.D.
Professor of Communication and Psychology
Margaret Hall and Robert Randal Rinehart&nbsp;Chair of Mass Communication
School of Communication
The Ohio State University
3108 Derby Hall
154 North Oval Mall
Columbus, OH 43210-1339
USA
Tel: (614) 688 - 8779
Fax: (614) 292 - 2055
Email:&nbsp;bushman.20@osu.edu
Webpage:&nbsp;http://www.comm.ohio-state.edu/bbushman
Skype: bjbushman
Twitter: @BradJBushman


Watch my TEDx talk &quot;Aggression often starts when self-control stops”
http://tinyurl.com/kau7xfk
