Hi All,   I am getting in touch regarding a collection of commissioned short
review papers that we are putting together; the articles involved will be
published in the journals and then pulled together virtually. This was
originally borne out of the Engineering group but we are keen to extend this
to pull in relevant papers from journals in related areas, including renewable
and sustainable energy. We want the reviews to be akin to the papers published
in our Current Opinion journals: http://www.journals.elsevier.com/current-
opinion-in-environmental-sustainability/, so theyre much shorter and focus
on a recent advance (these papers tend to be extremely highly cited). The
other difference with these review papers is that we will fund them to be made
Open Access.   For , the commissioned papers are going to be collected around
a general theme of sustainability in Engineering. We plan to ask a selection
of editors to commission, altogether, papers across our journals. We hope to
have the papers submitted early next year (beginning of March) in the hope
that they’ll be reviewed and ready for publication in July/August next year.
Once the papers are published in their respective journals*, they will also be
highlighted in a gateway website called Engineering Advances, which will host
the abstract and title of the paper, and a link back to the article published
in the journal (the wireframe of the site will be similar to this: http://www
.cell-symposia-transcriptional-regulation.com/). Well market this
extensively and hope to get some support from the Engineering Academies in
promoting the papers (as theyre all Open Access there wont be any
restrictions on readership). We would love to consider a contribution from
Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews for this initiative; are there any
obvious high profile authors/rising stars that you could contact to put
together something like this? I am attaching a list of the agreed titles and
authors so far so you can ensure there is no duplication between what is
already agreed and what you propose.   We hope to add content each year
to this initiative, and to launch similar initiatives in different
disciplines, but will be the pilot year.   Let me know what you think and
I look forward to hearing from you soon.   All the best, Katie   *
Well set up a slightly different stream in EES to highlight these papers as
they come through review so the administrative process should be quite
straightforward.   Katherine Eve Executive Publisher, Energy Journals
Physical Sciences | GlobalSTM Journals | Elsevier Ltd.The Boulevard | Langford
Lane | Kidlington | Oxford | Oxon. | OX GB| UK Work landline: + () Work
mobile: + () Email: k.eveelsevier.com Skype: Elsevierenergy  
https://www.facebook.com/EnergyJournals https://twitter.com/energyjournals
http://www.linkedin.com/groups/Elsevier-Energy-Journals-   This email is
for use by the intended recipient only and contains information that may be
proprietary and/or confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, please
notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your inbox. 
Any unauthorized use or distribution of this email, in whole or in part, is
strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.  Unless explicitly designated as
an intended e-contract, this email does not constitute a contract offer, a
contract amendment, or an acceptance of a contract offer.
